When the HCMM system starts up, it assumes that the system has the members’ information as given in
the membersFile, and it manages the records according to the instructions in the instructionFile.

• membersFile contains a list of members with basic information in a predefined format.
• instructionFile lists instructions/commands to be performed in order on members. The
instructions/commands can be: "add", "delete", " query " and "save".

• HCMM system must check whether this is an existing member:
o if there is already a record with the same name and mobile in the system, the existing
record should be updated/merged with the new valid input information;
o otherwise system adds a new member with valid info to the system.
• For instance, the instruction:

add name James Bloggs; birthday 20/12/1978; pass Gold; mobile 04111111; fee $60
is supposed to add/update a member with name "James Bloggs", birthday 20/12/1978,
membership pass type "Gold", membership fee $60, and the specified mobile information.
Note the use of a semicolon (";") to separate the fields.

• For instance, the instruction:
delete James Bloggs; 04112541
indicates deleting the member whose name is James Bloggs and mobile is 04112541 from
the system.

Query results from different queries should be appended and separated by dash lines.

a) Query the membership records of a given pass type and calculate the total membership fees.
For queries with more than one member in query results, sort the results in ascending order of
name. When there is more than one member with the same name, sort the results in ascending
order of mobile numbers. The format of the query instruction is listed below:
o query pass Silver
b) Query the age-based fee income distribution and save the query results to the reportFile. The
format of the instruction is listed below:
o query age fee
the results should be appended to reportFile with format as below:
----query age fee----
Total Club Member size: 50
Age based fee income distribution
(0,7]: $30.00
(8,17]: $120.50
(18,65]: $900.00
(65,-): $50.50
Unknown: $0.00
----------------------

• Write the resulting data collection of the instructions of “add”, “delete” and “sort” into the
specified resultFile.
• Write the query results into another specified reportFile. When there are more than one
“query” commands, append the latest results to the end of the reportFile. Separate the results of
different query instructions using dash lines with query instructions.